it came to pass at the end of 20 years
it came to pass at the end of 20 years when Solomon had built the house of the
when Solomon had built the house of the
when Solomon had built the house of the Lord and his own house that the cities
Lord and his own house that the cities
Lord and his own house that the cities which hire him have given to Solomon
which hire him have given to Solomon
which hire him have given to Solomon Solomon built them and he settled the
Solomon built them and he settled the
Solomon built them and he settled the children of Israel there and Solomon
children of Israel there and Solomon
children of Israel there and Solomon went to Hema tha's OVA and seized it he
went to Hema tha's OVA and seized it he
went to Hema tha's OVA and seized it he also built Tadmor in the wilderness and
also built Tadmor in the wilderness and
also built Tadmor in the wilderness and all the storage cities which he built in
all the storage cities which he built in
all the storage cities which he built in hamath he built alphabet Holden and
hamath he built alphabet Holden and
hamath he built alphabet Holden and Laura Beth Oden fortified cities with
Laura Beth Oden fortified cities with
Laura Beth Oden fortified cities with walls gates and bars also Baylor and all
walls gates and bars also Baylor and all
walls gates and bars also Baylor and all the storage cities that Solomon had and
the storage cities that Solomon had and
the storage cities that Solomon had and all the chariot cities and the cities of
all the chariot cities and the cities of
all the chariot cities and the cities of the cavalry and all that Solomon desired
the cavalry and all that Solomon desired
the cavalry and all that Solomon desired to build in Jerusalem in Lebanon and in
to build in Jerusalem in Lebanon and in
to build in Jerusalem in Lebanon and in all the land of his Dominion all the
all the land of his Dominion all the
all the land of his Dominion all the people who were left of the Hittites
people who were left of the Hittites
people who were left of the Hittites Hama rights parasites high rights and
Hama rights parasites high rights and
Hama rights parasites high rights and Jebusites who were not of Israel that is
Jebusites who were not of Israel that is
Jebusites who were not of Israel that is their descendants who were left in the
their descendants who were left in the
their descendants who were left in the land after them whom the children of
land after them whom the children of
land after them whom the children of Israel did not destroy from these
Israel did not destroy from these
Israel did not destroy from these Solomon raised forced labor as it is to
Solomon raised forced labor as it is to
Solomon raised forced labor as it is to this day but Solomon did not make the
this day but Solomon did not make the
this day but Solomon did not make the children of Israel servants for his work
children of Israel servants for his work
children of Israel servants for his work some were men of war captains of his
some were men of war captains of his
some were men of war captains of his officers captains of his chariots and
officers captains of his chariots and
officers captains of his chariots and his cavalry and others were Chiefs of
his cavalry and others were Chiefs of
his cavalry and others were Chiefs of the officials of King Solomon 250 who
the officials of King Solomon 250 who
the officials of King Solomon 250 who ruled over the people now Solomon
ruled over the people now Solomon
ruled over the people now Solomon brought the daughter of Pharaoh up from
brought the daughter of Pharaoh up from
brought the daughter of Pharaoh up from the city of David to the house he had
the city of David to the house he had
the city of David to the house he had built for her for he said my wife shall
built for her for he said my wife shall
built for her for he said my wife shall not dwell in the house of David king of
not dwell in the house of David king of
not dwell in the house of David king of Israel
Israel
Israel because the places to which the Ark of
because the places to which the Ark of
because the places to which the Ark of the Lord has come our holy then Solomon
the Lord has come our holy then Solomon
the Lord has come our holy then Solomon offered burnt offerings to the Lord on
offered burnt offerings to the Lord on
offered burnt offerings to the Lord on the altar of the Lord which he had built
the altar of the Lord which he had built
the altar of the Lord which he had built before the vestibule according to the
before the vestibule according to the
before the vestibule according to the daily rate offering according to the
daily rate offering according to the
daily rate offering according to the commandment of Moses for the Sabbath's
commandment of Moses for the Sabbath's
commandment of Moses for the Sabbath's the New Moon's and the three appointed
the New Moon's and the three appointed
the New Moon's and the three appointed yearly feasts the feast of unleavened
yearly feasts the feast of unleavened
yearly feasts the feast of unleavened bread the feast of weeks and the Feast
bread the feast of weeks and the Feast
bread the feast of weeks and the Feast of Tabernacles and according to the
of Tabernacles and according to the
of Tabernacles and according to the order of David his father he appointed
order of David his father he appointed
order of David his father he appointed the divisions of the priests for their
the divisions of the priests for their
the divisions of the priests for their service
service
service the Levites for their duties to praise
the Levites for their duties to praise
the Levites for their duties to praise and serve before the priests as the duty
and serve before the priests as the duty
and serve before the priests as the duty of each day required and the gate
of each day required and the gate
of each day required and the gate keepers by their divisions at each gate
keepers by their divisions at each gate
keepers by their divisions at each gate for so David the man of God had
for so David the man of God had
for so David the man of God had commanded they did not depart from the
commanded they did not depart from the
commanded they did not depart from the command of the King to the priests and
command of the King to the priests and
command of the King to the priests and Levites concerning any matter or
Levites concerning any matter or
Levites concerning any matter or concerning the Treasuries now all the
concerning the Treasuries now all the
concerning the Treasuries now all the work of Solomon was well ordered from
work of Solomon was well ordered from
work of Solomon was well ordered from the day of the foundation of the house
the day of the foundation of the house
the day of the foundation of the house of the Lord until it was finished so the
of the Lord until it was finished so the
of the Lord until it was finished so the house of the Lord was completed then
house of the Lord was completed then
house of the Lord was completed then Solomon went to EZ and kiba and Ellerth
Solomon went to EZ and kiba and Ellerth
Solomon went to EZ and kiba and Ellerth on the Seacoast in the land of Edom and
on the Seacoast in the land of Edom and
on the Seacoast in the land of Edom and Hiram sent him ships by the hand of his
Hiram sent him ships by the hand of his
Hiram sent him ships by the hand of his servants and servants who knew the sea
servants and servants who knew the sea
servants and servants who knew the sea they went with the servants of Solomon
they went with the servants of Solomon
they went with the servants of Solomon to Ophir and acquired four hundred and
to Ophir and acquired four hundred and
to Ophir and acquired four hundred and fifty talents of gold from there and
fifty talents of gold from there and
fifty talents of gold from there and brought it to King Solomon